Fix doc of op datastore (#134)
massalabs/docs: docs/build/smart-contract/as-sdk.md

## OpDatastore

> The OpDatastore namespace includes functions to interact with the operation datastore. This namespace is particularly useful to read data that is passed with the bytecode in a execute smart contract operation. This key/value storage can be filled by the operation creator and is readable by the smart contract executed with the functions in this namespace. For more information on this namespace, see the [AS-SDK OpDatastore documentation](https://as-sdk.docs.massa.net/modules/OpDatastore.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpDatastore namespace includes functions to interact with the operation datastore. This key/value storage can be filled by the operation creator and then used by the smart contract being executed. This namespace is particularly useful to read the data that is passed with the bytecode in a execute smart contract operation. For more information on this namespace, see the [AS-SDK OpDatastore documentation](https://as-sdk.docs.massa.net/modules/OpDatastore.html).
```
